
Changes in VERSION 1.2
  * Added queryset_out response to eliminate duplicate code that
    serialized querysets into lists of dictionary objects.

Changes in VERSION 1.1.1
  * Added Access-Control-Allow-Credentials header to CORS responses
  * Added Access-Control-Max-Age header so that client can cache the CORS
    preflight response

Changes in VERSION 1.1
  Added support for cross-origin resource sharing

Changes in VERSION 1.0.1
  Removed explicit Django requirement
  Added Django 1.5b2 to circle.yml

Changes in VERSION 1.0
  Upgraded to Django 1.5

Changes in VERSION 0.9.36
  Fixed a bug in the pagination endpoints

Changes in VERSION 0.9.35
  Replaced the ambitious Paginate decorator
  with a more modest AttachPaginationLinks decorator

Changes in VERSION 0.9.34
  Added more flexible parameter parsing
  to the Paginate decorator

Changes in VERSION 0.9.33
  Replaced the OnlyNewer decorator with
  a Paginate decorator.

Changes in VERSION 0.9.32
  Better handling of PUT data

Changes in VERSION 0.9.31
  Renamed some functions nested within decorators to be more verbosely named
  (this should ease in some profile-based optimizations)

Changes in VERSION 0.9.30
  Updated the OnlyNewer decorator to be a bit more flexible

Changes in VERSION 0.9.29
  Tweaked the output of the OnlyNewer decorator

Changes in VERSION 0.9.28
  Fixed a bug in the OnlyNewer decorator
    (can now handle 'error' responses)
  Updated the OnlyNewer decorator to handle
    a change in the format of the stream call

Changes in VERSION 0.9.27
  Version bump

Changes in VERSION 0.9.26
  Tweak to the output formatting of OnlyNewer

Changes in VERSION 0.9.25
  Fixes for OnlyNew decorator

Changes in Version 0.9.23
  Updated the ParameterTransform decorator to accomodate optional parameters

Changes in Version 0.9.22
  Updated the AbsoluteParamLink decorator

Changes in Version 0.9.21
  Added an AbsolutePermaLink decorator

Changes in Version 0.9.20
  Fixed a few bugs in the new decorators

Changes in Version 0.9.19
  Tons and tons of changes.

  - json_out, json_err are now api_out and api_error
  - Added many new decorators
  - requests.REQUEST is now routed to the kwargs of a view member function


Changes in Version 0.9.18
  Fixed kwargs, args

Changes in Version 0.9.17
  Tried further simplifying the HEAD response

Changes in Version 0.9.16
  Fixed a bug

Changes in Version 0.9.15
  Moved some requirements into requirements.txt
  Updated setup.py to use pip

Changes in Version 0.9.14
  Version bump, because bumping is fun!
  (Actually to support pypi quirk)

Changes in Version 0.9.12
  Added a missing import

Changes in Version 0.9.11
  Changed decorators to import dependencies within the function. This
  way sleepy decorators can be used on projects that don't use
  Cassandra or MySQL without requiring the dependency

Changes in Version 0.9.10
  Updated some decorators
  Updated the django version dependency to 1.4
  Migrated the send_mail function to use the django mail utilities

Changes in Version 0.9.8
  Fixed a bug where Sleepy did not gracefully handle
  unknown HTTP operations.

Changes in Version 0.9.6
  Updated helpers.py to send emails through Sendgrid

Changes in Version 0.9.5
  Updated helpers.py to include the new retick email template.

Changes in Version 0.9.4
  Bug fixes added a few helper functions to sleepy.helpers and
  brought 404 function's JSON into compliance with our error
  standards. Also, pulled out some dead/unused/unneccasry code.

  Features

  * Added helpers.unexpected_error which prints an error message out

  * Updated helpers.index to print out a properly formatted
    json error with proper content type

  Removed Support

  * We are now making better use of Django's error reporting instead
    of trying to roll our own. Because of this we removed the
    BaseServerError object.

  * show_urls function in helpers never really worked. We've
    removed it.


Changes in Version 0.9.3
  Bug fixes.

Changes in Version 0.9.2
  This version introduces headers and fixes a few bugs.

  Features

  * Introduced a headers field for responses that allows the application
    developer to pass back custom headers in a response

  * Cleaned up code and stopped passing around a few object variables.

  * Extended documentation

  * Introduced ParameterMax decorator that guards api calls from
    receiving parameters that are too high in value.

Changes in Version 0.9.1

  This version is primarily about updating documentation and cleaning
  a few things up. It introduces more parameters for redirect_out
  which will allow for some shorter code in apis that ouput
  urls.

  Features

  * Introduced the meta_info, url_key_name and status_code
    parameters for the redirect_out call. Also, the
    redirect_out call now ouputs JSON with the 302 response
    so if the client doesn't adhere to the response code
    properly it will still display the url that it would
    have redirected to.

Changes in Version 0.9.0

  Sleepy has been floating around for a long time within retickr as
  the basis for our RESTful apis. We are just now formalizing the
  release process now that we have several apis to in sync with
  different sleepy versions. This is the version of sleepy which we
  plan to release on launch day for the mynews api.


  Features

  * A new decorator RequiresUrlAttribute for checking that a
    particular element was matched in the url pattern for a given
    function. This is helpfule for sleepy objects that have multiple
    http type methods implemented for the same regular expression or
    that have multiple regular expressions pointing to them

  * All configuration has been removed from sleepy. Anything that
    requires database access should go in the project.
